[Music]
you
top fill-up day 95 is one of the best
ones I've seen in a long time as the
blue team heading up towards that middle
lane after picking up the ACE going for
the in hips in the Nexus turret is Janna
is leading the way Twisted Fate will
fall back to the base to protect against
the enemy minions opting not to kill the
minions in the middle lane and wait for
their own they head towards the
inhibitor and will kill it quickly after
that though things start to turn south
with E and hip folly they move onwards
towards the Nexus turrets Pantheon will
be in the first brave soul to tink the
turrets with his passive he does manage
to block one shot but the damage for
both of them does add up as Pantheon is
gonna drop lower and lower after the
first turret does go down he's gonna be
forced out of there the turret then
we'll switch aggro to drave and dropping
him low as well as they continue to
pound on the second turret it does go
down leaving only the exposed nexuses
they try to finish it off they're gonna
be overrun by the enemy creeps dying one
by one the enemy creeps will pick up the
Quadra kill and if that wasn't enough
Twisted Fate down below will get overrun
by his own creep wave as the purple team
creeps are gonna take home the ACE and
will eventually finish off the enemy
Nexus given the victory up to the purple
team
you
[Music]